STP-3724: Finalize `docs-sat` move to `docs-csm` (#5617)
Cray-HPE/docs-csm: operations/system_admin_toolkit/SAT_Uninstall_and_Downgrade.md

## Downgrade: Switch Between SAT Versions

Starting in CSM 1.6.0, it is no longer recommended to use `prodmgr activate` to switch between SAT
versions.

Instead, if it is necessary to switch to an alternate version of SAT, it is recommended to set the
environment variable `SAT_IMAGE` as described in the procedure below. This will change the version
of the `cray-sat` container image run by Podman when the `sat` command is executed.

1. (`ncn-mw#`) Determine the versions of the `cray-sat` container image which are available
   in the container image registry in Nexus.

>    There are multiple ways to do this, but one easy way is to use `podman search` because:

Reviewer: I don't think "because" is actually appropriate here. These aren't reasons why we use `podman search` as opposed to any other tool for viewing the contents of the image registry in Nexus. They're just additional info about where the admin should expect to see the image based on the version(s) of CSM and SAT installed.

Author: Thank you! That wasn't entirely clear to me. Updating to the following wording in the next commit:

```suggestion
   There are multiple ways to do this, but one easy way is to use `podman search` to find
   the `cray-sat` container image within the following locations:
```
